<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2019-09-26 Meeting notes</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">BTSI Lab Systems Integration</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="BTSI-LSIE_16580625.html">BTSI LSIE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Meeting-notes_16601925.html">Meeting notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2019-09-26 Meeting notes
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Jack Cravener</span>, last updated by <span class='editor'> Giselle Montano Caraballo</span> on Sep 26, 2019
    
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h2 id="id-20190926Meetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2019-09-26" class="date-past">26 Sep 2019</time></p><h2 id="id-20190926Meetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gzymcf" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gzymcf" data-linked-resource-id="4849669" data-linked-resource-version="2" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Jack Cravener</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gz7z2k" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gz7z2k" data-linked-resource-id="7242064" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Eric Zhang</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dz3sk0" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dz3sk0" data-linked-resource-id="7242071" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Mingxian Tay</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mzq7h3" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~mzq7h3" data-linked-resource-id="4849673" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">James Jezewski</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="ZZZS6Y" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~ZZZS6Y" data-linked-resource-id="7242065" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Giselle Montano Caraballo</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="pzqjxw" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~pzqjxw" data-linked-resource-id="4849670" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Chelsea Flattery</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="hz1214" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~hz1214" data-linked-resource-id="13633975" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Collin Winans</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dzhsf2" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dzhsf2" data-linked-resource-id="7242069" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Michael Holland</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="TZ17VG" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~TZ17VG" data-linked-resource-id="7242066" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Keya Wang</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="rzcn94" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~rzcn94" data-linked-resource-id="4849668" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Paul Rabahy</a> (organizer)</li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="szbnkr" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~szbnkr" data-linked-resource-id="13467685" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Katelynn Dubiel</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="GZQ0M4" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~GZQ0M4" data-linked-resource-id="10715144" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Nick Farley</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-20190926Meetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><colgroup><col/><col/><col/><col/></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd">intro and review</td><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>gas sensor study is planned to be complete by the end of the month (september)</li><li>R E Q U I R E D T R A I N I N G</li><li>Thermal cameras for fire detection may be more accurate for fire detection but they're way more expensive and determined to be less reliable</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd">merge requests</td><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>there's a lot (95) of them open. we've been busy but we need to make sure we're keeping up with those</li><li>lots more people are able to merge into develop now, so feel free to click the button once there are enough thumbs</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">release (3.1)</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>there's a bug in how some displays are handled (re: SysIDM) which is being worked on</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">new work</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Another D2 module/section lifecycle test is coming at some point. Go look at the ControllerType=None stuff and raise issues if you see them</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">roadblocks</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><ul><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="ZZZS6Y" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~ZZZS6Y" data-linked-resource-id="7242065" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Giselle Montano Caraballo</a> : per-pack chiller limits (pressure mostly). Trying to find someone to talk to about this and finally got to someone (Kennedy Odumodu manufacturing) but they don't use coolant (they use air). Are there any other labs that actually use fluid coolant anymore for battery testing? They're going to help out anyway (with old docs) but recent/current information is better.<br/><ul><li>Danien Brouns (sp?) seems like the &quot;buck stops here&quot; guy but he referred Giselle to Kennedy</li><li>we tried using vehicle pumps and a separate loop (heat exchanger) for specifically Omega, which was the problem in the first place. Omega is done as a program anyway</li><li>Possibly talk to Zach Mendla and see where he got when he did this for the Omega packs</li><li>GL#2084. Specifically to do with pressure setpoints during GoToNominal, so it may be a smaller scope than originally thought</li></ul></li></ul></div></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">LV status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>microBAS: mike helped Don Bender get some CAN messages updated. There's a new pack/controller. They (dev engineers) seem pretty self sufficient at this point, they should be okay until John comes back</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">china support</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>want to rush bev2 UN test preconditioning. script getting tested today, then possible support this evening</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">bev3</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>running</p><p>sometimes having issues with some CMU transceivers, sometimes need to ignore messages from those. Mike Aljamal is in the loop on this</p><p>recently got documentation on the VRFM (new version of BEV3 pack controller). No more wireless, we'd talk to this over SPI only and won't need the wireless stuff for cell info anymore. They're providing a C lib for us by/on Monday, so we'll have to work on that when it gets here</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">ebike</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><p>working through getting switched over to v2: CAN, autostart works, but B-side CAN comms are breaking though, <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="TZ17VG" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~TZ17VG" data-linked-resource-id="7242066" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Keya Wang</a> needs to pick someone's brain about this. Doug handed Derek a bunch of terminators right before this meeting so it may be fixed now but we'll see</p></div></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">roundtable/retrospectives</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>CanNeo module: not communicating. Jim and Mike to convene later (TC23)</p><p>TC64 is for software team use (while 10 is having its cycler installed). <strong>Keep it utilized or we'll lose it.</strong></p><p>FYI ebike might get totally changed because it's not doing well right now</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">general updates</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>small shaker will be running with a julabo a45 chiller, should be okay</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">vacations</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><p>Mike might be out on/before the 30th for studiny</p><p>Tony is out 26, 27, and psosibly part of 30th (getting in late sunday night)</p><p>Ming will be out Oct 10th-11th</p><p>Nick will be out Oct 4-9, needs someone to help cover calibrations support Oct 7-8 (<a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dzhsf2" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dzhsf2" data-linked-resource-id="7242069" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Michael Holland</a> volunteered)</p></div></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-20190926Meetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="27918434"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Aug 05, 2025 11:01</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
