<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2019-10-10 Meeting notes</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">BTSI Lab Systems Integration</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="BTSI-LSIE_16580625.html">BTSI LSIE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Meeting-notes_16601925.html">Meeting notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2019-10-10 Meeting notes
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Jack Cravener</span> on Oct 14, 2019
    
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h2 id="id-20191010Meetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2019-10-10" class="date-past">10 Oct 2019</time></p><h2 id="id-20191010Meetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gzymcf" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gzymcf" data-linked-resource-id="4849669" data-linked-resource-version="2" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Jack Cravener</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="rzcn94" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~rzcn94" data-linked-resource-id="4849668" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Paul Rabahy</a>(organizer)</p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mzq7h3" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~mzq7h3" data-linked-resource-id="4849673" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">James Jezewski</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="hz1214" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~hz1214" data-linked-resource-id="13633975" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Collin Winans</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gz99tb" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gz99tb" data-linked-resource-id="15269890" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Andy McMichael</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mz9p03" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~mz9p03" data-linked-resource-id="7242067" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Skylar Katsaros</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="pzqjxw" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~pzqjxw" data-linked-resource-id="4849670" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Chelsea Flattery</a></li><li>@John Thornton</li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gz7z2k" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gz7z2k" data-linked-resource-id="7242064" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Eric Zhang</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="szzdp9" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~szzdp9" data-linked-resource-id="7242072" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Anthony Lobaido</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="jz3lbc" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~jz3lbc" data-linked-resource-id="4849671" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Justin Hermann</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dzhsf2" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dzhsf2" data-linked-resource-id="7242069" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Michael Holland</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-20191010Meetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li></li></ul><h2 id="id-20191010Meetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="wrapped relative-table confluenceTable" style="width: 99.9372%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 3.39409%;"/><col style="width: 9.46365%;"/><col style="width: 4.45317%;"/><col style="width: 82.6891%;"/></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"></td><td class="confluenceTd">intro</td><td class="confluenceTd"></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>do the ILM training that was called out in the email from Justin (end of october)</li></ul><p>safety notes</p><ul><li>please report all incidents and near-misses immediately</li><li>make sure you have the warren emergency number(s) in your phone<ul><li>248 857 2222</li><li>7-2222 (from an internal phone)</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd">MRs and milestones</td><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>3.0: ran an iso test (on develop, not on release branch, paul to follow up) with automation panel, on TC23.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">new issues, triage</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>we kicked at least one issue back for not enough detail, everything else got assigned</p><p><em>should </em>every issue have someone assigned? maybe yes. wait a couple weeks and we'll have better ways to divide and assign work (jira)</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">roadblocks</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>pay attention to requests for help/reviews on merge requests and issues and stuff, it's not fun to ask for something in slack and not get any responses (yea or nay)</p><p>AEC cyclers are uh... a pain. Our software/application is fine, but hardware issues are happening, we're talking to AEC like every day now</p><p>NI license server, still no updates on when it'll be changed.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">china support status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">eric, john</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>Paul owes them some stuff (documentation) and he'll be asking people for specifics. If you get tapped, it's already behind so please help <img class="emoticon emoticon-smile" src="images/icons/emoticons/smile.svg" data-emoticon-name="smile" alt="(smile)" data-emoji-short-name=":smile:"/></p><p>Some issues with k226 and some profiles (can't use it at low temps), so we changed profiles and some temp setpoints and we'll see how it goes. We (lab) never ran LTwake, just PTC.</p><p>BEV2 modified, want to start thermal fatigue at the end of november, we're waiting on a pqms. Not expecting too much in terms of code, Tony did some work before that was related, hopefully it's just rebases/merges</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">h5</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">quiet. Last news was PV in spring, possibly (from paul) something like dv4 in november? maybe? Only PQMS is for June 2020</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">low voltage</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>12v: waiting on packs to be delivered for li-ion testing continuation (dock is &quot;closed&quot; <img class="emoticon emoticon-sad" src="images/icons/emoticons/sad.svg" data-emoticon-name="sad" alt="(sad)" data-emoji-short-name=":sad:"/> )</p><p>lead-acid: met with requestor about age testing, sounds pretty straightforward, collin is working on this and we seem to be set there, waiting on final review but good on software side (most of test is &quot;rinse and repeat&quot; but small change about aging process, we have to make a small change to accommodate)</p><p>48v: waiting for more info on global b packs before this continues (waiting on neovi at 65, making sure all the harnessing is ok since we don't know yet, and the dbc is unknown still)</p><p>can we move to modern code base?</p><ul><li>lead-acid: no</li><li>48v: maybe</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">walk-ons/roundtable</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>some weird cycler/neovi/canneo issues at 23, 24, 26, 51. Mike, Chelsea, Eric, have taken a look at it, switched out neovis, etc. Seems to be 2.4.8 (specifically for cal?)</p><p>let's go over DIAdem at some point again</p><p>Tony's leaving <img class="emoticon emoticon-sad" src="images/icons/emoticons/sad.svg" data-emoticon-name="sad" alt="(sad)" data-emoji-short-name=":sad:"/> going to be a DRE for some BEV2, transitioning into BET stuff. Technically he's already in the new role (on paper) but November is when the cutoff/transition is happening</p><p><strong>NEW OFFICES AND MOVING INFO</strong></p></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-20191010Meetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="27918574"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Aug 05, 2025 11:01</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
