<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2020-08-10 Meeting notes</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">BTSI Lab Systems Integration</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="BTSI-LSIE_16580625.html">BTSI LSIE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Meeting-notes_16601925.html">Meeting notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2020-08-10 Meeting notes
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Paul Rabahy</span>, last updated by <span class='editor'> David Hudson</span> on Aug 12, 2020
    
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h2 id="id-20200810Meetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2020-08-10" class="date-past">10 Aug 2020</time></p><h2 id="id-20200810Meetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="rzcn94" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~rzcn94" data-linked-resource-id="4849668" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Paul Rabahy</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="BZ8PVY" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~BZ8PVY" data-linked-resource-id="45678908" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Andrew Marogi</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="pzqjxw" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~pzqjxw" data-linked-resource-id="4849670" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Chelsea Flattery</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="hz1214" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~hz1214" data-linked-resource-id="13633975" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Collin Winans</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="XZ2X8W" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~XZ2X8W" data-linked-resource-id="53608600" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">David Hudson</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gz7z2k" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gz7z2k" data-linked-resource-id="7242064" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Eric Zhang</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mzq7h3" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~mzq7h3" data-linked-resource-id="4849673" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">James Jezewski</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="wz0fdw" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~wz0fdw" data-linked-resource-id="7242070" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">John Thornton</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="TZ17VG" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~TZ17VG" data-linked-resource-id="7242066" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Keya Wang</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mz9p03" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~mz9p03" data-linked-resource-id="7242067" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Skylar Katsaros</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dzhsf2" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dzhsf2" data-linked-resource-id="7242069" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Michael Holland</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dz3sk0" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dz3sk0" data-linked-resource-id="7242071" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Mingxian Tay</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-20200810Meetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li>Safety topic<ul><li>Please make sure you read all</li></ul></li><li>Collaboration time</li></ul><h2 id="id-20200810Meetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="relative-table wrapped confluenceTable" style="width: 99.03%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.47%;"/><col style="width: 11.73%;"/><col style="width: 17.88%;"/><col style="width: 63.83%;"/></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">9:43</td><td class="confluenceTd">Login</td><td class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dzhsf2" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dzhsf2" data-linked-resource-id="7242069" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Michael Holland</a></p></div></td><td class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><ul><li>People are staying logged in (SysSpecInfo) for an extended period</li><li>We tried domain integration in the past, but was unsuccessful<ul><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="XZ2X8W" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~XZ2X8W" data-linked-resource-id="53608600" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">David Hudson</a> Other customers are using this</li></ul></li><li>Right now the last person that touched it stays as the contact person until a new person takes over</li><li>Pagerduty has the person that is currently oncall</li><li>Solution_Common won't let the user name be blank<ul><li>This is a self imposed restriction that could be removed</li><li>We could add a &quot;I'm done with this stand&quot; button</li></ul></li></ul></div></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> 9:58</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">BSS for Module testing </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="wz0fdw" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~wz0fdw" data-linked-resource-id="7242070" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">John Thornton</a></div></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li> Do we need a BSS option for modules testing?</li><li>BSS will be integrated into VRFM in the future.<ul><li>BSS will be able to be ignored.</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">10:02</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">New commits not being detected by PR</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="TZ17VG" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~TZ17VG" data-linked-resource-id="7242066" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Keya Wang</a></p></div></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><div class="content-wrapper"><ul><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="TZ17VG" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~TZ17VG" data-linked-resource-id="7242066" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Keya Wang</a> following up with Ryan</li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="pzqjxw" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~pzqjxw" data-linked-resource-id="4849670" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Chelsea Flattery</a> sent email to escalate</li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="TZ17VG" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~TZ17VG" data-linked-resource-id="7242066" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Keya Wang</a> has been tracking the issue<ul><li>Merging sometimes causes unrelated commits to show up</li></ul></li><li>Please let Keya know about any instances of this behavior that you see.</li></ul></div></td></tr></tbody></table></div><p><br/></p><h2 id="id-20200810Meetingnotes-Workitems">Work items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="wrapped relative-table confluenceTable" style="width: 73.1192%;"><thead><tr><th class="confluenceTh"><br/></th><th class="confluenceTh"><p>Who</p></th><th class="confluenceTh"><p>Notes</p></th></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> Michael</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li> Make sure people review pull request #89 - Seal1 Test (Due last week)</li><li> Lifecycle test support with focus on chiller control strategy</li><li> Integrate the control loop for chiller setpoint and test changes (Katelynn's Project)</li><li>Support calibration for new I/O integration (Working with Dave Hudson) (Due next Tuesday)</li><li>Create a Jira ticket to lead an effort for improving SysSpecInfo on stands where the user is no longer using the stand.</li><li>Support 2020-02-18-47507 BEV3 ROW Beta1 Module frost dew (Due this Friday)</li></ul><p>Note: I am now concerned that I will not get all of these high priority tasks done this week.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">John</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Continue support for RoW Beta1 Module Mech Fatigue</li><li>Work through feedback on PRs for FunCy/Service Aging</li><li>Support for Mega Shaker/Vibe</li><li>Brainstorming/Discussion for Test Resume</li><li>Close out existing PRs/Review other team members PRs</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Mel</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Support BEV3 UN testing</li><li>Chamber door fault issue</li><li>Pre-flight check review</li><li>Various part tracker issues</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Andrew</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Get channel lists created for each python file in order to test each python file</li><li>Work with Alex/David on Gas Sensor Integration tasks</li><li>Potentially support Wentzville Plant Wednesday - Friday</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Ming</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Finishing up data collection for automated isolation test improvement DFSS</li><li>Continue finalizing Dual VRFM comm</li><li>Help supporting vibe module test</li><li>Add connectivity check for Python RDB</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Keya</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>update module config tool per latest feedback</li><li>look into BEV3+ schedules folders</li><li>continue ET1B list on BCIS-414</li><li>follow up with Ryan on commits not displaying in Bitbucket</li><li>continue reviewing PRs </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Jim</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Updating PD things to accomidate all faults calling out and escalating</li><li>Begining to work on GMIT VLAN (Software Defined Fence) project</li><li>Utilization tracking for test stands in lab </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Eric</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Merge HTS</li><li>get module and pack thermal fatigue on test</li><li>solution common self discharge</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">David</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Commissioning new IO Rack</li></ul></td></tr></thead></table></div><h2 id="id-20200810Meetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="61702922"><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dzhsf2" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dzhsf2" data-linked-resource-id="7242069" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Michael Holland</a> To lead an effort improve SysSpecInfo for stands where the user is no longer using the stand. (Please track in a Jira issue)</li></ul>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Aug 05, 2025 11:01</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
