<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2020-10-02 Meeting notes</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">BTSI Lab Systems Integration</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="BTSI-LSIE_16580625.html">BTSI LSIE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Meeting-notes_16601925.html">Meeting notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2020-10-02 Meeting notes
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Paul Rabahy</span> on Oct 02, 2020
    
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h2 id="id-20201002Meetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2020-10-02" class="date-past">02 Oct 2020</time></p><h2 id="id-20201002Meetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="rzcn94" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~rzcn94" data-linked-resource-id="4849668" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Paul Rabahy</a></p></li><li><p></p></li></ul><h2 id="id-20201002Meetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li></li></ul><h2 id="id-20201002Meetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="relative-table confluenceTable" style="width: 49.6873%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 7.51753%;"/><col style="width: 21.7672%;"/><col style="width: 8.19074%;"/><col style="width: 62.4965%;"/></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"></td><td class="confluenceTd">Release Testing Status</td><td class="confluenceTd"></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Still has an issue with cell balancing</li><li>Jim fixed issue with Pager Duty</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">ET1B Status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>ET1B is a mess<ul><li>Thermal mapping won't run anytime soon</li><li>Mech fatigue having BDU swapped<ul><li>Neil attempting to run 1pt over the weekend</li><li>Existing BDUs have varying internal resistance</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">BEV3+ Status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Mech fatigue - Collin and Keya was supporting<ul><li>Starting at TC59</li></ul></li><li>Pre-fuse verification finished</li><li>Ran a 1pt.</li><li>Haven't heard if fuse verification is done yet</li><li>Shock module waiting for 2 weeks</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd">BEV3 Status</td><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li> Trying to run vibe<ul><li>Ran into cycler issues</li></ul></li><li>TC2 Funcyc</li><li>TC12 Thermal Fatigue<ul><li>Added weld checks</li></ul></li><li>TC57 Module Frost Dew</li><li>Module Thermal Fatigue</li><li>Self discharge - Miguel running<ul><li>There are issues when the pack faults because the fault handling procedure changes the SOC of the pack</li></ul></li><li><p>Bev 3 UN testing going on at tc 24 for 8 module</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">H5</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>New controller software changed contactor control, so we need to update iTest to match.</li><li>H5 can already run on 3.3 with a couple of small changes.</li><li>Jim needs a merge request reviewed (<a href="https://tslm-bitbucket.gm.com/projects/BTSILIB/repos/solution_common/pull-requests/188" class="external-link" rel="nofollow">https://tslm-bitbucket.gm.com/projects/BTSILIB/repos/solution_common/pull-requests/188</a>)</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-20201002Meetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="70713851"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Aug 05, 2025 11:01</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
