<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2020-07-20 Software Team Meeting notes</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">BTSI Lab Systems Integration</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="BTSI-LSIE_16580625.html">BTSI LSIE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Meeting-notes_16601925.html">Meeting notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            BTSI Lab Systems Integration : 2020-07-20 Software Team Meeting notes
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Paul Rabahy</span>, last updated by <span class='editor'> Mingxian Tay</span> on Jul 27, 2020
    
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h2 id="id-20200720SoftwareTeamMeetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2020-07-20" class="date-past">20 Jul 2020</time></p><h2 id="id-20200720SoftwareTeamMeetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="rzcn94" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~rzcn94" data-linked-resource-id="4849668" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Paul Rabahy</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="BZ8PVY" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~BZ8PVY" data-linked-resource-id="45678908" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Andrew Marogi</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gz99tb" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gz99tb" data-linked-resource-id="15269890" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Andy McMichael</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="hz1214" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~hz1214" data-linked-resource-id="13633975" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Collin Winans</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="XZ2X8W" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~XZ2X8W" data-linked-resource-id="53608600" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">David Hudson</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gz7z2k" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gz7z2k" data-linked-resource-id="7242064" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Eric Zhang</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="gzymcf" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~gzymcf" data-linked-resource-id="4849669" data-linked-resource-version="2" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Jack Cravener</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mzq7h3" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~mzq7h3" data-linked-resource-id="4849673" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">James Jezewski</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="TZ17VG" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~TZ17VG" data-linked-resource-id="7242066" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Keya Wang</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mz9p03" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~mz9p03" data-linked-resource-id="7242067" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Skylar Katsaros</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dzhsf2" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dzhsf2" data-linked-resource-id="7242069" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Michael Holland</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dz3sk0" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dz3sk0" data-linked-resource-id="7242071" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Mingxian Tay</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-20200720SoftwareTeamMeetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li>Assign Chiller checkout to somebody 
<span class="jira-issue resolved" data-jira-key="BCIS-498" >
                    <a href="https://tslm-jira.gm.com/browse/BCIS-498?src=confmacro" class="jira-issue-key"><img class="icon"
                src="https://tslm-jira.gm.com/secure/viewavatar?size=xsmall&amp;avatarId=10318&amp;avatarType=issuetype" alt="$type"/>BCIS-498</a>
                            -
            <span class="summary">Test new Julabo Chiller integration</span>
                                                <span class="aui-lozenge aui-lozenge-subtle             aui-lozenge-success
     jira-macro-single-issue-export-pdf">Done</span>
                </span>
</li><li>Make sure thatÂ 
<span class="jira-issue resolved" data-jira-key="BTSIR-243" >
                    <a href="https://tslm-jira.gm.com/browse/BTSIR-243?src=confmacro" class="jira-issue-key"><img class="icon"
                src="https://tslm-jira.gm.com/secure/viewavatar?size=xsmall&amp;avatarId=11101&amp;avatarType=issuetype" alt="$type"/>BTSIR-243</a>
                            -
            <span class="summary">ET1B Baseline Support - Pack Checkout / Vetting</span>
                                                <span class="aui-lozenge aui-lozenge-subtle             aui-lozenge-success
     jira-macro-single-issue-export-pdf">Closed</span>
                </span>
is being worked on and get it assigned</li><li>Release status?</li><li>BSS status.</li></ul><h2 id="id-20200720SoftwareTeamMeetingnotes-Workitems">Work items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><colgroup><col/><col/><col/><col/></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh"><br/></th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>tasks for the week</p></td><td class="confluenceTd">Jack</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>VICM integration</li><li>merge &quot;4-channel cycler&quot; and &quot;10-contactor control&quot; branches (after release)</li><li>merge request review</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td class="confluenceTd">tasks for the week</td><td class="confluenceTd">Andy</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Cycler HMI fix and time sync</li><li>Cycler coolant flow (<a class="external-link" href="https://tslm-jira.gm.com/browse/BTSIR-248" style="text-decoration: underline;" rel="nofollow">BTSIR-248</a>)</li><li>Training/help Andrew</li><li>Thermal Mapping - BEV3+ and Truck</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Andrew</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>New Employee Checklist Actions</li><li>Read Battery Lab Reference Guides</li><li>Begin work on Gas Detection Sensor iTest Integration</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Ming</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Continue supporting RoW Beta1 testing</li><li>Finishing up dual VRFM script updates<ul><li>Testing it out with dual VRFM board</li></ul></li><li>Start DFSS Black Belt #1 (Automated 2-Meter Isolation Test Improvement)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Mel</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Troubleshoot BSS communication issue with VEs</li><li>Update calibration panel on iTest</li><li>Part Tracker assignments; finish by end of August</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Collin</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Continue fixing bugs in ET1B contactor code</li><li>MODACS pack is in TC22, we will be starting software checkout this week</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Jim</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Getting the PD stuff ready to be reviewed</li><li>Starting to build the utilization tool wrapper</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Keya</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>finish thorough testing of BEV3 module / pack dsp</li><li>work on getting ET1B script ready for 1pt pack testing</li><li>mech fatigue BEV3+ POC 12 module</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Â tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Michael Holland</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Â Re-write CAP goals and seek approval from Paul R.</li><li>Training Jeff Poole how to submit TCWS I.T tickets and software team (LSIE) ticketsÂ for related calibration issues on Friday.</li><li>Training the new Track Engineers about our iTest capabilities and supporting them with any questions.</li><li>General Calibration support and troubleshooting.</li><li>Calibration Team - Need to modify the CalCheckAero procedure so that we linearly ramp to the desired calibrationÂ setpoints OR meet with Marc D. to make changes to his calibration procedure.</li><li>Pack Team - Get the Seal Aging test changes integrated into development branch.</li><li>Pack Team - Support Lifecycle Test</li><li>Pack Team - Start looking into and implementing the Frost Dew and PVT Test changes.</li><li>Pack Team - TC14 HVIM troubleshooting, TC16 troubleshooting dpid issue, TC17 Digi-box needs to be replaced, then troubleshoot chamber comm. issues, TC44 resolve cycler comm. issues, Helped Joe troubleshoot network issues and found out to be on the GM GuestÂ Network (TC62B). Spoke with Joe to put in an I.T ticket. Review pull request #124 and others.</li><li>Pack Team - Support with the new Julabo Chiller communication testing and troubleshooting if needed.</li><li>Vibration Team - Troubleshoot chiller communication issues with iTest.</li><li>Safety and Abuse TeamÂ - Meet with Dave H. and Mike S. to discuss I/O rack and software changes.Â </li><li>Safety and Abuse TeamÂ - General software improvements.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Eric Zhang</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>HTS pull request</li><li>Import frost dew for truck thermal fatigue</li><li>import self discharge tests</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">John Thornton</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Work on cleaning up/improving profile limit checker</li><li>Supporting K226 Vibe testing</li><li>Support RoW Beta1 Mech Fatigue pre-vibe testing</li><li>Assist with module configuration tool display/logic</li><li>Continue work on test-resumability project</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><br/></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Tasks for the week</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">David Hudson</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Implementation of x-Series Hardware in iTest</li><li>Safety and Abuse TC79A back to life</li><li>Issue Tracker Jira vs A&amp;D</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-20200720SoftwareTeamMeetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="58032670"><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="dz3sk0" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~dz3sk0" data-linked-resource-id="7242071" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Mingxian Tay</a> to finish addressing comments onÂ <a href="https://tslm-bitbucket.gm.com/projects/BTSILIB/repos/solution_common/pull-requests/120/overview" class="external-link" rel="nofollow">https://tslm-bitbucket.gm.com/projects/BTSILIB/repos/solution_common/pull-requests/120/overview</a></li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="5"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="rzcn94" href="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com/display/~rzcn94" data-linked-resource-id="4849668" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://tslm-confluence.gm.com">Paul Rabahy</a>Â to release 3.3. by the end of the day.</li></ul>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Aug 05, 2025 11:01</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
